[Music]
What's up my kids It seems that
greev is once again showing his discontent
with the Kings League organization
regarding the MVPs yesterday
ibai was broadcasting the
2023 Ballon d'Or gala on the
purple platform It should be noted that with the
red carpet broadcast alone he had
almost 400,000 viewers but he surpassed
700,000 when Messi collected his eighth
award while this was happening grefg was
commenting on his live stream about the debut of the
King's Cup and the rules that were
implemented in it He began the live stream
in a good mood because despite
his team's defeat he had a
lot of fun with the madness of this format He
also talked a little about the hate that
occurred during this event and gave an
opinion on it because I had a
great time First because I was very
excited to see the girls and boys
form a lineup and be on the
bench together I mean seeing the whole
team united with the good vibes we have
at Science to me as president
and  fasting as president we liked it a lot
Well I speak for my part and
then as for the game itself I found it
much more fun than a
normal game much more fun because from
minute 10 to 5 you have one versus
two against two three against three all the
time and that is dynamic Maybe what
you are talking about the most and I understand is the dice it
is the dice because it is a dice that only
means one attack for each team and
then double goal but to me Sincerely you
already know that I am very critical of the
league and I say both the good and the bad I
liked the competition I found it
fun I found it dynamic and I think that
people are entering a loop of he
towards many things in the Kings League
that sometimes they are right and sometimes not the
sauce starts when it is time to
vote for the mvp since
these votes began one of the main
complaints was that they were done through
voting for likes on Twitter and
obviously in the end the one who is voted for
by the largest community wins given that
this system was not very fair a
new one was implemented where
the opinion of the players themselves is taken into account
and  of the presidents of each
team for this a small VDE is prepared
to contextualize and thus decide
between the nominated players and it is
precisely here that
greev's discontent arises it turns out that he was reviewing
these clips of the most
outstanding plays but he noticed something that he did not
like regarding the selected clip of
the player Blanca Cross and that is why
greev explodes and pulls
the organization's ear they make me very
angry man look I do not want to continue
ranting about many things but this I mean
gref why are you so angry if Blanca
Cross is not from Science I do not give a [ __ ]
man do you think I have fought so much
the other day I was an [ __ ] for
the MVP for Science I do not do it for the
players because they are happy you
are telling me that Blanca Cross has
scored two goals the second is one of
the goals of the day and you do not score it
so that people vote for it bro
a defense can escape you a chance
but a goal cannot escape you
bro how are we going to be when it comes
time to vote if Blanca Cross scores this
goal and not  They put it up for voting and
literally 80% of the people who vote for
the MVP haven't seen the
full matches and they have to trust the
videos on Twitter and this doesn't appear
Judith Jones wants to arrive Blanca Cross
Go what a
goal and this detail Blanca was still
chosen as the MVP and well guys
Comment What do you think about Gref's reaction
don't forget to leave your like and
subscribe so you don't miss a single
news we'll see each other later with more
gossip a
[Music]
hugs